In this document, we, as members of CollabVM, are going to go into detail about how almost all of the things SandVM administrator(s) have said about CollabVM (as a service and as a community) are intended to portray the service, and the community, in a bad light. This document has been written by a small group of people and has been fact-checked by both the group itself and CollabVM staff. All information presented is what you see, and what you get.

The reason for this document's immediate writing and release stems from the owner of SandVM (SplitXPlayZ). For all intents and purposes, SplitXPlayZ will be referred to as she/her or by name. The most recent actions that Split has taken includes ban evasion (from Discord as a platform and from Computernewb services), however the main course is a ZIP archive containing a .txt file and a collection  of JPEG images. 

Do also note that Split is actively violating Discord ToS by being under the age in which Hungarians may access the platform; 16. Split, as of writing, is 14. She is also the current primary source of disinformation about CollabVM and its community, and that's why we are writing this. 
	
There are three points that she has seemed use to advertise SandVM, and that we will directly address in this document. We will also address four additional major points focusing solely on Split's actions, which many CollabVM members find sickening.
	
These points are:

	* "CollabVM Is An IP Logger"

This claim is made often in advertisements of SandVM. CollabVM administrators rarely if ever publically post IP addresses.. On the other hand, as the contents of the SandVM Discord prove, Split feels no wrong posting someone's IP address, which she also logs, publicly for anyone to see. 

This claim from Split and others should be discarded, as CollabVM requires the ability to log your IP for legal reasons. If IP addresses were not to be logged, then this would present CollabVM as a proxy service which does not retain logs. While CollabVM *is* a proxy service, the official VMs are fully logged, along with any web requests made, on the router edge node. This logging puts responsibility of content displayed on the users who put the content there in the first place. 

The JavaScript code snippet she sent which she claimed logs IPs is also not an IP logger at all, and is in fact the beginning code for the onclick handler which brings up the admin login prompt, which admins and mods use to login on the official site. Notice the use of the built in browser function prompt() and the variable name "loginTimesPressed", does that look like an IP logger to you?

	* ""Anti SandVM" advertise (cookie logger? malicious ip??? it's based on your fucking code, what is the difference????)" (her words, not ours)

Besides the obvious fact that we don't advertise against SandVM at all, we never made any of these claims that you're placing onto us. In fact, your loyal Discord members actually make this claim towards CollabVM, which can easily be debunked thanks to the fact that all of the supporting code for the site is available. 
	
Almost all of SandVM's source code is closed source "so people can't get into the admin panel". Well, can't expect much from the person who legitimately imported some sample SQLite3 C code into collab-vm-server, expecting it to immediately work. 

SandVM also has more questionable code decisions than Cosmic Sans on a good day (which hasn't happened in a really long time). The greatest instance of this is when she "encrypted" the additionalNodes variable (which is used on the web-app to define the collab-vm-server nodes to connect to alongside the main node), which broke the webapp right from its implementation. She tried twice to fix it, before giving up, and then she implemented an XHR JSON system for fetching additional nodes "securely", which was then removed once people complained about it.No matter what, this client "security" would never work, and any reputable programmer knows this.

	* CollabVM is Censored

Split's advertising of SandVM seems to focus on the fact that CollabVM is "censoring" the Internet access that the Virtual Machines have. In reality, she could not be any more wrong. The CollabVM VMs do have internet filtering, however, this is not used to enact censorship. Rather, it is used to block pornographic content, and also block programs which are very annoying which are ran too often.

Let's shift up the direction a bit, and focus directly on Split's actions now. 

These last four points prove how disgusting of a person Split is, and justify just why people despise her.
	
Without futher ado,

	* Lying about Self-Harm/Suicide

Split has consistently threatened suicide and other bodily harm (even today), and then  never done anything. This has caused people to personally hate her, and many members would agree that this alone makes her a terrible person. Better yet, when her own medicine is served to her (which was pretty funny ngl), she proves all she cares about is her bot having a verified badge, and by default, that she is a terrible, selfish person that everyone should dislike.

	Screenshots of her doing this are here:
		http://computernewb.com/~lily/split/splitdm/attempttomanipulate1.png
		http://computernewb.com/~lily/split/splitdm/attempttomanipulate2.png
		http://computernewb.com/~lily/split/splitdm/attempttomanipulate3.png
		http://computernewb.com/~lily/split/splitdm/attempttomanipulate4_andsomeonerealizingthatitsalie.png
	Here's the funny one too:
		https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/802725641786753035/802840494148550696/Screenshot_20210107_005657_com.discord.jpg
		

	* Lying About Rape
		To put it bluntly: Split has lied about being raped. It's not like you really needed a reason to hate her anyways, as her lying about suicide should have made you hate her enough, but discrediting actual rape victims is just the cherry on top of the sundae.
	
	
	* Lying About Nationality
		Split lies about her nationality constantly. She is Hungarian, but has lied and said she is Japanese when she isn't. Lying about something as simple as nationality proves that she will lie about anything just to be "famous".
		
		
	* Attempted to destroy a remote computer
		For unknown reasons, Split attempted to access a member's computer using the AnyDesk remote desktop software, presumably to destroy it. Granted, this probably isn't the worst thing she's done, but it's still really bad.
		It's also illegal! Nice going, dumbfuck.
		
		Screenshot of the notification of the AnyDesk connection she made is available here:
			http://computernewb.com/~lily/split/splitdm/attempttoanydeskintomypctonukeit.png
	
	
In closing, this document should have proven to you that Split is a terrible person and the lies she has spread about CollabVM  are exactly that: lies.
	
	
TTFN and if you're reading this Split, fuck you. People like you who discredit people threatening suicide & discrediting rape victims are garbage humans.
